utils/README_tail.md, before:

## Resources

- [Adding Homescreen support to your app](https://docs.siasky.net/integrations/homescreen/adding-homescreen-support-to-an-app)
- [Resolver Skylinks](https://docs.siasky.net/skynet-topics/resolver-skylinks#web-tools)

## Contributions

Thanks for your interest in Homescreen!

When contributing, please keep in mind the following guidelines:

- One project per pull request.
- New apps should be added to [apps.json](./src/apps.json), **DO NOT** edit README directly, README is generated automatically by github actions.
- Include a meaningful pull request description.
- Keep the project description short and simple without skimping on the important details.
- Projects should be organized in ascending alphanumeric order i.e. a-z, 0-9.
- End the description with a full stop/period.
- Check that your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.

## Pull Request Template

Please use the following format:

`[PROJECT NAME](LINK TO REPO)|[![Add to Homescreen](https://siasky.net/CADKZ7bTyVRjMmyMnEsUKDidqdmdaNHaJP25cp_3YGQlkg)](https://homescreen.hns.siasky.net/#/skylink/RESOLVER SKYLINK)|DESCRIPTION.`

Commit message:

add additional guidelines for applications
Proposing the following:
1. We only add projects by resolver skylink, with the intention of linking users to the latest version of applications.
2. We only accept projects that intend to support Skynet and Homescreen by pushing updates to a resolver skylink. Otherwise, we risk submissions of unofficial builds that have introduced malicious code.

utils/README_tail.md, after:

## Resources

- [Adding Homescreen support to your app](https://docs.siasky.net/integrations/homescreen/adding-homescreen-support-to-an-app)
- [Resolver Skylinks](https://docs.siasky.net/skynet-topics/resolver-skylinks#web-tools)

## Contributions

Thanks for your interest in Homescreen!

When contributing, please keep in mind the following guidelines:

- One project per pull request.
- New apps should be added to [apps.json](./src/apps.json), **DO NOT** edit README directly, README is generated automatically by github actions.
- Apps must be projects built to support Homescreen, including a resolver skylink in their Manifest that matches the resolver skylink of the Add to Homescreen link.
- Github links should match the author/builder of the application and support Homescreen by maintaining an official resolver skylink.
- Include a meaningful pull request description.
- Keep the project description short and simple without skimping on the important details.
- Projects should be organized in ascending alphanumeric order i.e. a-z, 0-9.
- End the description with a full stop/period.
- Check that your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.

## Pull Request Template

Please use the following format:

`[PROJECT NAME](LINK TO REPO)|[![Add to Homescreen](https://siasky.net/CADKZ7bTyVRjMmyMnEsUKDidqdmdaNHaJP25cp_3YGQlkg)](https://homescreen.hns.siasky.net/#/skylink/RESOLVER SKYLINK)|DESCRIPTION.`
